Version changed to 0.22.0 (#859)
It4innovations/hyperqueue: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.22.0

### New features

* Added `hq worker deploy-ssh` to deploy workers to a set of nodes using SSH.
* Added `hq doc` command for accessing documentation about various HQ features from the command-line.
* `hq journal replay` added. It similar to `hq journal stream` but it will not wait for new events.
* More robust initialization of dashboard
* Authentication and encryption of client/worker connection can be disabled. It is mostly for testing
  and benchmarking purpose. Do not use if you are not in 100% safe environment.

### Breaking change

* The Python API now requires Python 3.9, up from Python 3.6.

### Fixes

* Fixes #848, inefficient scheduling of tasks with priorities

> * Fixes the OOM problem when loading corrupted journal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* HyperQueue will no longer allocate extreme amounts of memory when loading a corrupted journal
```
